what is plan ?



funtions

1. cost optimizer tips 
2. Plan for the execution of the inquiry
3. How indexes are handled
4. Compareing query execution times

and both front-end and back-end?

Do you mean I finshed all function in pdf file or add another function based on the applicaion in pdf file?



Hi hope you are well :)
1. Can you send me some of your project links where you used Java as backend?

   weishi(maybe you need to translate it into English for a better understand)

   login: https://m.weishi100.com/pcweb/#/login

   describe about this website: https://www.weishi100.com/

   Also, you can see my 

2. Are you familiar working with AWS Linux and Window OS, and set it up and installing all the required Software..

   I have alomost 10 years windows experience when I was in middle school, I know how to optimize and install software in win. In addition to, I am also familar with linux enviorment. I deployted application and run daliy task on it.

3. Website examples where you used MySQL DB?

   login: https://m.weishi100.com/pcweb/#/login

   describe about this website: https://www.weishi100.com/

   I can show you part of the data design above this website.

   ```mysql
   Create Table: CREATE TABLE `zy_yy_activity_assignment_white_list` (
     `id` bigint(20) unsigned NOT NULL AUTO_INCREMENT COMMENT 'primary key',
     `assignment_id` bigint(20) unsigned NOT NULL DEFAULT '0' COMMENT 'assignmentId',
     `homework_title` varchar(200) NOT NULL DEFAULT '' COMMENT 'title',
     `start_state` tinyint(3) unsigned NOT NULL DEFAULT '0' COMMENT 'activity status，1 not start，2start, 3end',
     `storage_id` int(11) unsigned NOT NULL COMMENT 'storageId',
     `is_del` tinyint(3) unsigned NOT NULL DEFAULT '0' COMMENT 'is Delete，0 normal，1 del',
     `create_time` datetime NOT NULL COMMENT 'create time',
     `update_time` datetime NOT NULL COMMENT 'update time',
     PRIMARY KEY (`id`),
     KEY `idx_assignment_id` (`assignment_id`)
   ) ENGINE=InnoDB AUTO_INCREMENT=23 DEFAULT CHARSET=utf8mb4 COMMENT='activity white list for teachers
   ```

4. Are you familiar with python? we will give you some python scripts and you have convert it into graphs (bar, pie etc.), you just have to convert the python script into graph can you tell me how you can do it in your way or what ideas do you have?

   I am familiar with python, because I did a lot of work on machine learning and  daily task on alige by python.

   About the converting, Do you mean you have some python scripts but not for graphs, you want to covent it, right? what's for your having python scripts crrrently?

Thanks in Advance



